---
layout: post
cover: 'assets/images/nature.jpg'
title: Website Update
date: 2019-02-14 00:00:00
tags: Website update
author: jpbulman
---
<h1>Updating my personal website with new information!</h1>

<p>Wow, it has been quite sometime since I have posted to here! I'm happy to say I've allocated some free time to updating this website with my latest information, here are the big updates:</p>

<h3>Meeting Scheduler</h3>
Last quarter, B-term 2018, I worked with three other people for 7 weeks developing an AWS based meeting planner web app. The goal of the application is to help leaders of groups or organizations be able to meet with the members of the group. A good example of this would be an academic advisor trying to meet with all of their students. We implemented a signup and login page where you can either login to see an existing schedule, or enter information to make a new one. The organizer of the meetings can then block off or open sections of their time using a calendar interface we made. Then, they will distibute a given URL to the group of people so they can sign up for open time slots. Once a participant signs up for a slot, they will even be able to recieve an email reminder telling them when their meeting is and the meeting's UUID. More information on this and the source code for this project can be found <a href="https://github.com/jpbulman/Kajam-Meeting-Scheduler" target = "#">here</a>.

<h3>Klotski Puzzle</h3>
You can now play the renowned<sup>1</sup> Klotski Puzzle on my website <a href="https://www.klotski.jpbulman.com/" target="#">here</a>. This puzzle is essentially just a 5x4 grid with sliding wooden blocks where the object of the game is to remove the 2x2 red block out through the 1x2 slot at the bottom. The only rule is that you are only allowed to slide the pieces (aka not pickup) and the only piece that is allowed to be removed from the puzzle is the red one. This project was inspired by an assignment for CS 3733 (Software Engineering) I did last term where we did the same thing except as a desktop application in Java. This web app, and the Java model, are designed using an entity boundary controller (EBC) approach. The source for both of these projects can be found on my GitHub <a href = "https://github.com/jpbulman/Klotski" target="#">here</a>.

<sup>1</sup>Well maybe not renowned, it's not very well known; but it's super fun!